new security guidelines & info (#54)
swift-server/sswg: security/package-requirements.md

## SSWG security requirements for packages on the index

> This information is intended for package authors who have packages listed on the SSWG’s package index or are looking into pitching/proposing their package to be listed. If instead you found (or have heard of) a security vulnerability you’d like to report, please have a look over [here](contributor-found-vulnerability.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information is intended for package authors who have packages listed on the SSWG's package index or are looking into pitching/proposing their package to be listed. If instead you found (or have heard of) a security vulnerability you’d like to report, please have a look over [here](contributor-found-vulnerability.md).
```

> This information is intended for package authors who have packages listed on the SSWG's package index or are looking into pitching/proposing their package to be listed. If instead you found (or have heard of) a security vulnerability you’d like to report, please have a look over [here](contributor-found-vulnerability.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This information is intended for package authors who have packages incubated by the SSWG and listed on the package index or are looking into pitching/proposing their package to be listed. If instead you found (or have heard of) a security vulnerability you’d like to report, please have a look over [here](contributor-found-vulnerability.md).
```

---

> Packages that are listed on the [SSWG's package index](https://swift.org/server/#projects) are required to follow the following guidelines around security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Packages that are incubated by the SSWG and are listed on the [SSWG's package index](https://swift.org/server/#projects) are required to follow the following guidelines around security.
```

> Where security vulnerabilities are involved, it is key to ensure that somebody who discovers a vulnerability in your package can immediately find information on how to report it. As the package author, you know best where to put important information about your software. In general, it is typically the `README.md` file in the root of your repository on GitHub/GitLab/etc. The phrase "main information page" is used elsewhere in this document to refer to the `README.md` or other resource as appropriate for your project.

Reviewer: Might be worth explicitly calling out the "special cased" security pages. e.g. on GitHub "SECURITY.md" (probably other extensions too) will be automagically listed as the security policy for the project (like: https://github.com/apple/swift-nio/security/policy) which is also linked from the new issue page.

Author: @swift-server/sswg / @glbrntt  Thanks George, that's a great idea. I reworded it and now recommend `SECURITY.md` as the recommended place for the security policy (and point out that Github has special support).

WDYT?

> The key requirements are:

Reviewer 3: Should the "Project authors are also encouraged to make use of their source control system security features" section from `package-maintainer-received-vulnerability-report.md` possibly appear here as well?

Author: good idea, done!

## SSWG security requirements for packages on the index

This information is intended for package authors who have packages incubated by the SSWG and listed on the package index or are looking into pitching/proposing their package to be listed. If instead you found (or have heard of) a security vulnerability you’d like to report, please have a look over [here](contributor-found-vulnerability.md).

---

Packages that are incubated by the SSWG and are listed on the [SSWG's package index](https://swift.org/server/#projects) are required to follow the following guidelines around security.

Where security vulnerabilities are involved, it is key to ensure that somebody who discovers a vulnerability in your package can quickly find information on how to report it. As the package author, you know best where to put important information about your software. Bear in mind that many of your users will see your repository's readme file (usually `README.md`) first. So make sure to link to your security policy from there.

> A file named `SECURITY.md` in the root of your repository is the recommended place to put your full security policy. It is also worth noting that some vendors (like GitHub) automatically discover and promote `SECURITY.md` which make the relevant information even easier to find for your users.

Author: CC @swift-server/sswg / @glbrntt I reworded this to recommend `SECURITY.md`.
